Galileo Phase Coated Binoculars - Choose Size,5/5,5.0,1216684800,Great Big Bargain Binoculars,"These are quite the bargain, they are the same as the Oberwerk 15x70 binoculars for $50 less. There is a review comparing them if you Google. Heavy, but not a problem for me for quick views. We use them on the porch of our house by the river. I would not take them birding. They work great with a tripod. Can see craters on the Moon, houses 6 miles acress the Potomac River and details on sailboats in the middle of the river. Bright and clear, easy to focus. Well made and rubber coated. Highly recommended."
Galileo Phase Coated Binoculars - Choose Size,2/2,1.0,1264809600,Very disappointed!,"I know this is long but I really hope it helps!I had been having fun for months viewing the stars with my inexpensive 7x35 fixed focus binoculars. I purchased this 'upgrade' with high hopes. (I bought mine NEW for $87 shipped!) Maybe I got a bum pair, but I don't think so because the main problem was in both tubes. I found them completely unusable for astronomy, but it took me a while to figure out why. First, the two tubes were slightly out of alignment. Second, the right eye was impossible to get focused (switched eyes when upside down, of course). Third, and most importantly, the outside halves of each optic were completely distorted. This all caused large, compounding problems. Starting with the distortion - if you looked through your right eye, for instance, the right half of the image is and becomes progressively more distorted (literally twists and turns, not just getting fuzzy) the more you look towards the right side of the image. The inverse is true for the left eye (left side distorted). At first I thought that they had a very wide field of clear view, but that I couldn't get them focused right. Looking across long distances in the day time I realized the truth. That I was only looking at the left side of the image with the right eye and the right side of the image with the left eye, but in actuality NOTHING was clear for both at the same time. (If you're wondering if maybe my eyes were just wacky I'm a professional pilot with a first class medical.) Figuring all of that out I also determined that the right eye could not be made clear, like its independent focuser was just out of reach of the correct length. Lastly, the tubes weren't aligned perfectly, so my eyes kept trying to focus and align these two tubes. Additionally, the eyepieces were VERY loosely held, and simply placing them up to your eyes to see slightly changes the focused lengths.On the good side they were light. I could easily stand upright and hand hold them for long periods... which is good because that's how long it took to see anything. If you're pretty steady I think you'll have no problem with shakes in these.In conclusion, I returned them, got my $80 back (I paid the seller's shipping, which was fair I think) and bought a telescope... that cost MUCH more... and am VERY happy. My little Jason 7x35s can see the M42 gas nebula / cluster on Orion's sword (around triangulum), Andromeda/M31, etc just fine. They have a MUCH better FOV than these Galileo's, have just as bright an image, don't need to be manually focused, and though eventually (by working for about 30 minutes of focusing and moving the image around clearer parts of the optics) I could pick out a TINY bit more through the Galileos I could readily pick out MUCH more CLEAR detail through my much smaller set.My recommendation to you all is to either buy smaller BETTER binoculars (which should run about this same cost) or if you want to spend more than about $300 buy a telescope. If you really want a set of binocs this size, in my opinion you will probably want to spend about $300. Remember, a telescope can be very simple, has only one tube so there are no cross-eyed view collimation problems, and you buy only one set of optics (or optics twice as good). For only $850 I got a 12" Dobsonian reflector with some cool acc's. Keeping the math easy my 7x35s have an objective lens area of ~962mm2 per side; these Galileos collect ~3848mm2 of light per tube; my new 12" has a 304mm objective mirror that (adjusted) collects 68283 square mm of light! There is absolutely no comparison. Smaller tubes (like 6" are available much cheaper). Do NOT buy a $100 telescope! Sorry for the length, but if you read this far I hope it helped!!!"
